# NextCare
NextCare performs early diagnosis by discriminating between speech and motor patterns of patients with and without PD. Specifically, cardinal PD symptoms, specifically involuntary shaking, which is termed Parkinsonian Tremoris quantified using signal processing and machine learning techniques through a 3D printed wearable device shown here. These quantified symptoms are continuously monitored and stored, in real-time, in a cloud database. Lastly, NextCare provides a mobile app for the end-user so neurologists and other other physicians can continuously monitor disease progression and get instant diagnosis results. 
# VoiceModel
The model was tested on a randomly chosen sample of 78 voice samples with and without Parkinson’s Disease. Instead of using accuracy as the success metric I used F2 scores as it is used when minimizing the number of false negative cases is more important than minimizing the number of false positive cases.The Logistic Regression model and the Support Vector Machine had an F2 score of 0.93 and the Neural Network had an F2 score of 0.94, far exceeding by success criterion of 0.87, which I set up in the beginning of my investigation. 
# Motor
This overall Tremor system was tested on a sample of 102 patients matched by gender and age. As the model outputted a tremor UPDRS score, it was tested by computing the absolute valued difference between the model outputeed UPDRS score and that given by the neurologist. The table here shows the result of this. tThe model was spot-on on 93% of the patients. 
